Welcome back everyone.
Let's just do a quick walk through in terms of how to open up our environment once you've startup started
up the anaconda navigator.
You will come to this landing page.
The first thing to do is to change to the environment that you are using for your projects.
Once it is up and running I'M GONNA MAKE USE OF JUPITER THE instead of notebook and file that away and
give it a few seconds for to actually start up.
The reason that I prefer to use Jupiter lab instead of or ahead of notebook.
It's because of this additional features that allows me to view what file is the files I have in the
directory.
That's the first thing in the directory structure and as well as what notebook is actually running.
So right now I don't really need this Iris Project.
I'm going to close it off.
But you noticed this do running with it green dot there.
So I come to this second tab which tells me that I do have one kernel sessions running so I just click
the shut down to shut it down and come back here and coming back to this directory I can select Boston
housing doesn't show the full name because of the real estate issue and then I can control B to hide
that portion it will to show up here as an icon but it won't get in the way of what I am doing.
OK.
So in this example we're going to look at the regression specificly we're going to look at Boston housing
price prediction in terms of the dataset you can come by here in google and type Boston housing dataset.
It is a fairly well known and common that dataset that is used for machine learning to for instructional
purpose.
You can see here that you can read it in medium.
You can actually find it in Cagle and the list actually does goes on a fair bit.
It is also available as a dataset in psychic land as well making use of the Boston Housing.
And that applies is not complicated.
It's very good for instructional pumpers but it is also complex enough to make it an interesting dataset
to make use of it can be really simple and it can be as complicated as you like it to be or complex
as you'd like it to be because of the underlying data behavior of the data and it is not linear.
Some of the columns or the features are fairly complex and it's did you know there's a lot of in there
to to to do like about the dataset itself.
So coming back to the actual dashboard of the Jupiter not book itself.
What we need is number nine spenders.
And we also need SCA Len also of course like Glen.
This is a library from Python or within Python itself it's created by the community.
I won't go into the history of it.
You can actually read about psychic land in a bit more detail as is created by Jack and a few other
collaborators.
It's a really easy to use API and fantastic for machine learning.
This is actually part of it.
That makes part of the one of the reasons why Python became such a popular machine learning language
or useful machine language machine learning simply because of how the ease of use with psychics.
So let's just run this and we should expect an error message as you can see on screen.
Reason being we haven't installed this.
You've proofread the script this portion of the of the error diagnosis.
I want to live this they're here to help those who struggle with this when they get this kind of problem
pops up.
But if you are familiar with Python you're familiar with how to deal with error message then feel free
to skip this portion.
And so here what you can see here is that it says no module name psychic Len.
Hopefully you remember what we talked about in our earlier section that talks about how to deal with
error.
You can.
You'd have to read the error message and the error here basically tells you.
OK.
This is the line that's giving you the problem.
And what was the error.
No module name ASCII Len.
So we come back to our Anaconda navigator and you should be able to see this basic screen here.
We then go over to the environment and within the same environment make sure that you have the right
correct environment selected and go to not install and look for ASCII land.
OK it might not be in this spelling of this name.
So you have to look up the exact name which is just show Psychic OK so here psychic Deschler.
This is actually the exact and precise name of psychic land SCA land is the library name unfortunately
which makes it a little bit tricky when you do want to search for it but nothing that the Googling one
help you or won't solve it for you.
So just apply by clicking the button here and let the installation run it may take again a couple of
minutes.
I'm going to speak this portion of the video.
Welcome back.
Now that this complete installation will come back to our the notebook lab and run this out again and
this time round the error message disappear altogether.
And that number count has gone up to two and let's run this and you can see the actual version of the
various type of BlackBerry that I'm using and I could learn is zero point two twenty one point three.
Having gotten that portion out of the way the next step then is to actually load the data you can of
course load these via the psychic learned data set as the library has a documentation here.
What I have done instead is actually stored the data for you in the actual data sub folder.
So if you look at the South folder I've already loaded the data here I've got there from the UCI website
and just really make your life easier.
And you can actually just referred to it right away.
So since I've downloaded it.
SS Yes we.
So we're going to just basically read it in using pandas as a CSB and we can look at the first five
rows of data as you can see here is that what we have is 14 columns of data and that's basically in
this kind of format.
And I've entered a code here to help you to understand what each column means.
No although right now I've given you the description there's no heading label or column label.
I have added this the role of code here a line of code here.
And with the name of crim Z and following this order.
And again the documentation is from the UCI machine learning repository.
And I just need to rename the columns.
And that should actually allow us to have clean up prepared data for our exploratory data analysis.
This is a fair bit of preparation work but we'll need to do this so that we know the data that we are
looking in or working with right now.
What would be a good exercise for you to do is 60 to read through each and every line or descriptors
or description of the actual column label to help you to actually get a sense and a few of what each
column signify or what kind of information is it supposed to provide in machine learning we call this
feature feature.
It is a form of descriptors or supposed to describe the actual data underlying data itself.
Some of it is useful.
Some of it is not.
But here is all the data that we have for us to work with.
And please do that.
And before we go to the next lecture Google around a little bit either read it in Kaggle or some other
blogs or mediums that people have actually written about it and develop some intuitions.
Before we move on to the next portion I'll leave that with you as an exercise.